tdeep dive into why I watched porn yesterday. 
not procrastination of talking to anyone like Chithappa - I postponed it due to the climate mood and the energy swing both internal and external (why did inthink Chithappa call - not particularl to the incidents happening now but this is due to in the past I was open but not this open I didn't speak much to anyone or rather I would say no confrontation if my intrusive thoughts and emotions).
I watched it mainly because I had more testastrone and like the idiotic brains defensive mechanism for evolution of the species it spewed the chemicals (vanmTha kakitiyè da pavi brain).
so boxing is gonna regulate my testastrone to next level regulate in the sense channeling the energy to focused productive hours and ultimately increasing my stamina and endurance of not only to boring stuff but also to exciting stuff (deep dive into this excitement controller or rather time box emotions coz we need emotions to do anything and timebox thoughts for better docus both are equally important).okay I am typing this standing in my workplace coz all my superiors or in Mumbai and I am drenched in rain 12/12/2024 1:18pm. 
had some guilty of balas birthday also but that also gone now. this is really good the first principles strategy thank you elon. 


The thing is I initially was watching porn like any normal mid 20's dood would and then strated doing exercises hoping to control it and it actaully did control it. I think this really helped me with not watching porn but it also increase my testastrone levels and eventually I tend to have nightfall and for the longest time I couldn't figure why I couldn't control it. The nightfalls actaully are the things that would break my streak of sharp shooter like skill (continous streak of both not watching porn and not masturbating). The problem of watching porn was solved by exercises but it didn;t solve my masterbation problem.Yes Watching porn and masturbation are entirely two separate broad universes of its own. One has nothing to do this each other but somehow mostly interlinked by our actions and thoughts. 
Now that I realised that me watching porn yesterday (11/112024 around 12pm night) is entirely due to increased testorone levels and my brains defensive and evolutionary response of multiplying me. I did realise that focused boxing would regulate my testastrone levels much faster. One would think that lifting weights does the same but I think not only regulating testastrone gonna solve the masturbation issue. But also the focused hard work of any activity (Boxing in my case) that also not only regulates teststrone but also increase your focus. I also think regulating testastrone might increase focus. But the whole act of sparring increases my focus at the very moment of the sparring process and just like elons analogy of "Playing games at extremen defficulty needs extreme focus and this extremetn focus helps with stress managment and act as stream off", I think sparing for me is gonna increase my focus and also regulate my testastrone (AGAIN Increase Focus and regulating testastrone are entirely different. testastrone regulation can help with focus nothing else)....SO FUCK IT AND BY THAT PUNCHING BAG AND GET SHIT DONW. 


keeping yourself busy and not confronting the masturbation thought is the knot I couldn't unfold so far. Now that it is cicked let's see where it goes. not only sitting with your raw thoughts but also marinating in it sometimes one would be so much into it you would disappear it's the depth of the thought. it engulfs you - this may be "'Temp' NOT BE" (FORCED by your consience). I want to achieve the "OG" HARDCORE NOT TO BE.